feat: add context menu (#1128)
discordjs/guide: guide/interactions/context-menus.md

# Context Menus

> Context Menus are application commands which appear on right clicking or tapping a user or a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Context Menus are application commands which appear on right clicking or tapping an user or a message.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's right as it is, just "a user". If I'm not wrong, "an" is used when the word starts with a vowel sound. It's a little bit confusing because "user" starts with "u", but when you pronounce "user" it starts with a "y".

Reviewer 3: then just ignore it

::: tip
This page is a follow-up to the [interactions (slash commands) page](/interactions/slash-commands.md). Please carefully read that section first, so that you can understand the methods used in this section.
:::

## Registering context menu commands

To create a context menu you construct a new `ContextMenuCommandBuilder`. You can then set the type of the context menu (user or message) using the `setType()` method.

```js
const { ContextMenuCommandBuilder } = require('@discordjs/builders');

const data = new ContextMenuCommandBuilder()
	.setName('echo')
	.setType('USER');
```

## Receiving context menu command interactions

> Context Menus are received via an interaction. You can check if a given interaction is a context menu by invoking the `isContextMenu()` method, you can use the `isMessageContextMenu()` and `isUserContextMenu()` methods to check for the specific type of context menu interaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Context Menus are received via `interactionCreate` event. You can check if a given interaction is a context menu by invoking the `isContextMenu()` method, you can use the `isMessageContextMenu()` and `isUserContextMenu()` methods to check for the specific type of context menu interaction:
```

Author: this was directly taken from https://discordjs.guide/interactions/modals.html#receiving-modal-submissions also if this change is necessary shouldn't it be `the interactionCreate event`
